{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 AvenirNextCondensed-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Italic;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red202\green202\blue202;
\red251\green0\blue7;\red0\green0\blue194;\red202\green202\blue202;\red146\green26\blue32;\red24\green25\blue27;
\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c83137\c83137\c83137;
\cssrgb\c100000\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c80392;\cssrgb\c83137\c83137\c83137;\cssrgb\c64706\c16471\c16471;\cssrgb\c12549\c12941\c14118;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25480\viewh13840\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \
\
\
\
#4FA88F\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 #67F5CD\
#F5A95A\
#2D47A8\
#4E71F5\
\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Wh go to Iceland?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Honestly, I truly had no idea how wonderful and magical this country was until I arrived. My first exposure to the beauty of Iceland came from the 2012 movie <a 
\f1\fs30 \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 href\cf6 \strokec6 ="
\f2\i https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0359950/?ref_=fn_al_tt_1
\f1\i0 " target=\'93_blank\'94>
\f0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 The Secret Life of Walter Mitty
\f1\fs30 \cf6 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 <\cf8 \strokec8 /a\cf6 \strokec6 >
\f0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 .  After seeing that movie I mentally added Iceland to my travel bucket list. \
\
\
Ideas for displaying images \
\
https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_slideshow_gallery.asp\
\

\fs40 https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_image_overlay_title.asp\
\

\fs36 \
  <ul>\
            <li>Fagradalsfjall Volcano</li>\
            <li>
\f3\fs60 \cf9 \cb10 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 M\'fdvatn
\f0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4  Lake</li>\
            <li>Hjalteyri Whale Watching</li>\
            <li>
\f3\fs60 \cf9 \cb10 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Borgarfjar\'f0arh\'f6fn
\f0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 </li>\
            <li>
\f3\fs60 \cf9 \cb10 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 J\'f6kuls\'e1rl\'f3n-Glacier Lagoon
\f0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 </li>\
            <li> 
\f3\fs48 \cf9 \cb10 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Dyrh\'f3laey
\f0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 </li>\
            <li>
\f3\fs44 \cf0 \cb10 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Loftsalahellir Cave
\f0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 </li>\
            <li>
\f3\fs44 \cf0 \cb10 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Sk\'f3gafoss Waterfall
\f0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 </li>\
            <li> 
\f3\fs44 \cf0 \cb10 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \'deingvellir National Park
\f0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 </li>\
            <li>Gullfoss Waterfall</li>\
            <li>Blue Lagoon</li>\
        </ul>\
\
TRAVEL TIPS\
Google Flights \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 My favorite tool for planning travel has been the ability to search <a href=\'93https://www.google.com/flights\'94 target=\'93_blank\'94>Google Flights</a> and explore flight prices by date and geographic location. With so much uncertainty regarding traveling during the COVID-19 pandemic I wasn\'92t sure if my partner and I would be able to travel abroad or if we would be relegated to a \'91staycation.\'92 I found relatively inexpensive tickets to Iceland in early July which was perfect since Iceland was lifting travel restrictions for travelers from the United States on July 1, 2021. \
 \
Rent a car\
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 The majority of the population is centered around the capital, Reykjavik. It\'92s a cute little European capital city, but in my opinion all of the amazing sites worth checking out are to be found in the countryside. \
\
Packing\
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 <ul>\
	<li>In the summer Iceland is light <em>all</em> day. Bring a sleep mask! \
</li>\
<li>Bring layers. You\'92ll need to pack for rain and cold temps but we also had warm sunny days in shorts and t-shirts.</li>\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 <li>Bring your own snacks and plan to make your own meals when you can. Food is very expensive there! New York City prices (or worse) for mediocre but not that spectacular food. A large Domino\'92s pizza there was nearly $35.</li>\
</ul>\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
}